Add blockspace glossary definition (#5071)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/glossary.md

A collection of data, such as transactions, that together indicate a state transition of the
blockchain.

## Blockspace

> [Blockspace](https://polkadot.network/blog/blockspace-blockspace-ecosystems-how-polkadot-is-unlocking-the-full-potential-of-web3)
> represents a blockchain's security, computing, and storage capability as an end product. In the more
> primitive sense, it realizes the ability of a
> [blockchain to finalize and commit state transitions](https://www.rob.tech/polkadot-blockspace-over-blockchains/).
> Blockspace may have several properties that make it desirable, such as security, availability, and
> flexibility.

Reviewer: Rephrasing to make it simple for first-time readers. They can get additional context by reading the linked article.

```suggestion
[Blockspace](https://polkadot.network/blog/blockspace-blockspace-ecosystems-how-polkadot-is-unlocking-the-full-potential-of-web3) is the capacity of a blockchain to finalize and commit operations. It represents a blockchain's security, computing, and storage capability as an end product. Blockspace produced by different blockchains can vary in quality, availability, and flexibility. Polkadot has a [blockspace-centric architecture](https://www.rob.tech/blog/polkadot-blockspace-over-blockchains/). 
```
